# Paul J. W. Schauenburg

Paul J. W. Schauenburg was born in 1998 in Munich, Germany. He began learning to play the recorder at the age of 6. From a young age, Paul learned not just to play the recorder, but also similar instruments such as the tabor pipe. In his teenage years, this led to him playing traditional Irish music on tin whistle and recorder in a local Irish pub. This jumpstarted his interest in playing by ear and thinking quickly in music.

Since 2016, he has built on this eclectic foundation in his undergraduate studies in the recorder department of the Conservatorium van Amsterdam under main subject professor Jorge Isaac and regular guest professor Erik Bosgraaf, as well as María Martínez Ayerza, Hester Groenleer, and others. The broad curriculum of the department, which places equal emphasis on contemporary and early music, has been a fruitful place for Paul to explore his love of various musical styles, especially minimal and post-minimal music, electronic music, and his love for repetition and patterns in music from all eras.

Paul has been following composition lessons for the past four years, at first for two years with Meriç Artaç, and currently with Jorrit Tamminga. His compositions are oriented towards post-minimalism, and influenced by various types of electronic music. At the same time, he is learning to make use of computer programming in music. He is mainly working with the programming language SuperCollider, and taking classes in electronic music and music programming with Jorrit Tamminga.

Paul was a member of the recorder consort trio “Le Réveil”, together with Kristy van Dijk and Gabriel Belkheiri, which was active from 2018 to 2021. As Le Réveil, they mainly performed renaissance and medieval music. Paul and [Kristy van Dijk](https://www.kristyvandijk.com) are currently working on a new collaboration with a wide range of repertoire, including new music, electronics, and performing both players’ original compositions.
